Wise Story:
Begins in 2011 with 2 friends, Taavet and Kristo. They had the same problem with transfer money from euro to pounds and pounds to euro. The bank transfer have a lot of hidden fees and took a long time. That's why they helped each other out. Then they thought there is many people having the problem as well. So they build wise with the mission: make international money transfer cheap, fair and simple. 
Wise was built for people without borders and believe team with diversity are the strongest. Wise work in empowered teams, everybody's voice matter, everyone can be themselves when working at wise. Wise put customers first, invite real customers to test the product and getting feedbacks. By working this way helps wise move fast and recognise when direction need to be changed.

And today wise has 16 million customers, moving 9 billion pounds a month and more than 50 currencies that you can choose from. 


Mistake Story
S: During my second year, I was assigned with an school group project in my computer science course to create the scope, UML diagrams, Testing, Prototyping for our goal app GreenScan.

T: My role in the team was creating some of the UML diagrams and prototyping.

A: Unfortunately, I made an mistake while doing the prototy video shooting. As the lead I misundertood the requirement which could lead to poor marking for our project. The problem was our video didnt include the acting part. Recognizing the issue, I immediately communicated with my team, explained the situation. To fix things， I arranged an extra shooting and took part in the acting myself， for our product.

R: Despite the initial setback, we successfully submitted our work and recieved 100% for the prototyping and more than 75% for the project.




Negative Feedback Story:
S: It was back in 2019, I was an secondary school student doing my summer job at Spar as a butcher.
T: my task was preparing and organizing the meat section and assisting customers with their selections.
A: During my second week, the store manager approached me after noticing that my section was not well organised and customers gave me some negative feedbacks about my service. First, I felt dissapointed and frustrated as I worked really hard. However, instead of getting defensive, I recognised the importance of learning from the situation, I asked my manager how can I do better.
Taking the feedback seriously, I reorganized the meat section with more attention and worked on my customer skills.
R: The improvements were noticeable, the store manager appreciated my hard work and the meat section received several positive comments from both customers and colleagues. From this experience, I have learn the importance of consistent attention to details, continuous improvement and benefits of open communication.
 






